where is he died when will he be in
sky are you holding that movie speed the
halo reach sandra bullock well you are
the post office and that's the bomb you
she is controlling when you slow down
than 900 kilometers per hour will
it explodes the same happens when you
try to remove it
she is activated
he did not lie that part is one
speed and she goes up though
You are too slow I can not
understand
we have to remove the bomb somehow
without damaging them sensi turn in
the wiso because i want you to oppose
one run or, more precisely, through
what if they are on the natural
frequency of the air will vibrate her
your cells with such a body
they vibrate through this
wall can slide through so that the
bomb back on the other side
should stay
should you know that i believe in you
does not go hear them refer to me
they feel the air they feel
they feel the wind in their face
ground and your feet like you uplifted
Give it to push forward and the
lightning mountain you feel the lightning
they feel its makes its
electricity pulsates through their veins
crackling and how in every nerve in
her body drives like an electric shock
they are no longer they
even they are part of something
bigger part of the speed fund
they belonged to them , they manage that
Yes
oh that was awesome